(upbeat music)
- [Frank] And now it's time for me
to show you my solution to this challenge,
using Go as a language for Lambda function.
Okay, so I created a very simple main Go file.
You'll notice here, on line nine,
I created a constant for "fizz" and "buzz", the text.
I then created a Request struct to the Count int.
I then created a Response struct to pass out the FizzCount,
the BuzzCount the FizzBuzzCount and the total Count.
I then created a Handler, starting here on 25.
Now you'll look here, and notice
that I'm keeping all of these counts internally.
There's a couple of better ways to do this,
but I wanted to be very descriptive, here,
to make it easier.
This is not the most efficient way to write Go,
but, again, it works just fine.
So I iterate over my list,
so from I equals one, until I equals the total Count,
so less than or equal to the total Count,
incrementing every time.
If the mod of three, or the mod of five equals zero,
I print FizzBuzz and then I update that Count
to be one greater.
I do the same for three, and then five.
And if it's none of those, I print out the number.
Now notice here, I'm doing format print line,
as opposed to log, because I want to just show you
that it's, basically, the same thing
when it comes to output, because everything
goes to stdout just like it would
in a containerized workflow.
I then return the actual total Count,
and, finally, here, on line 52
I have my main function that looks the same
for almost every single AWS Lambda written in Go.
So I executed my code,
and I'm just going to pop it up again.
I'm going to do it a thousand times.
There's 267 fizzes, 134 buzzes and 66 fizz-buzzes
over a thousand.
So let's go take a look at CloudWatch now.
So in CloudWatch, each of my Lambdas gets its output.
Let's take a look at FizzBuzz,
and we have a single log stream
and you'll see that I've actually printed out the text,
which is what we would expect.
So 100, which is the last one, was buzz.
99 was fizz, 998, 997 and the list goes on.
We can obviously scroll through all of the logs
until we got to the very beginning,
but we would be here for quite a while looking at those.
Now these examples may seem very simple on paper,
and indeed they are,
but the reality is that Lambda is not a very hard concept.
It's designed to be simple, simple execution
of simple code that is required to get work done,
often triggered by events.
We've synthesized those events by simply testing this
with JSON payloads, but, of course,
that can expand to any AWS property that supports triggers.
I would love for you to take a look at digging in deeper
into AWS Lambda, to see the real power of it,
is a technology that I use every single day
to run massively large systems
that are distributed globally.
There are some things that just don't work in Kubernetes,
in easy fashion, but do work very effectively
as Lambda functions.